Dear Friend,

Thank you for supporting the Earth Emergency Call to Action. We are delighted 
with the response we are receiving.
 
We will assume that you are happy to have your name added to the online list 
of signatories unless we hear to the contrary. We will respond to individual
points as soon as we can.
 
We hope that the Call to Action will result in a global alliance to take 
these ideas forward beyond the Johannesburg Summit. Ideas can be discussed
on line at the discussion site www.esfa@earthsummit.open.ac.uk/.

A great network is growing of organisations and people supporting The Call to 
Action.  We envisage members of supporting organisations coming together 
locally, nationally and globally using the Call to Action as a guiding 
principle to bring about change. One supporter has suggested local crisis 
committees: people in different places will want to respond in different ways.

We have now linked up the Earth Emergency Call to Action with a new 
initiative, THE WORLD FUTURE COUNCIL (WFC), with the intention to push for 
changes on two distinct levels:  The Earth Emergency will provide the 
possibility to set up a global network of individuals and organisations at 
the grassroots level to be linked with the WFC, which is in the initial 
stages of being set up to provide a council of men and women of proven 
integrity who can provide moral guidance and leadership at the highest level 
of human values and vision, at this time of global insecurity.  We are thus 
embarking, with your support, on an endeavour to provide both a bottom up and 
top down approach to global reforms in order to take forward and implement 
the challenges of the Call to Action.

The Earth Emergency - Call to Action was drawn up by The Schumacher Society, 
Positive News, Sustainable Society, Right Livelihood and the Gaia Foundation 
with input from individuals and organisations around the world. Its 
supporters include writers and activists including James Robertson(UK) 
Vandana Shiva (India) Fritjof  Capra, (USA)  Susan George, (France) Maxfred 
Max Neef, (Chile), Dr. Herman Scheer (German MP), Dr. Caroline Lucas (Member 
European  Parliament) Robin Harper (Member Scottish Parliament). 
 
As the Earth Charter says "Let ours be a time remembered for the awakening of 
a new reverence for life