                            INSPIRE OTHERS TO THE CALL

	
THE DOMINO EFFECT

With the limited time available we need to create a domino effect of communication and action that gathers momentum bringing forward the date when world leaders feel confident enough of public opinion to legislate.
		
One of the most important actions we can take today is to spread this message and inspire others to action. In turn we need to get these others to inspire still others.

Remember...85% of the British public would be prepared to change the way they live in order to lessen the impact on the environment (BBC National Poll July 2004).  


SOCIETAL CHANGE
 
Historically movements of likeminded people have achieved what at the time would have impossible. No one could have predicted for example that in less than a decade Gandhi's civil disobedience movement would give India its freedom, or in East Germany who could have known even six months earlier that civil unrest would bring down the Berlin Wall.

We are undergoing a similar societal change today. Each of us has a choice; help to lead the transition or join it reluctantly and belatedly, impoverishing the planet by our delay.     


INSPIRE OTHERS TO ACTION

Most people don't take individual actions not because they don't care but because they either don't know what to do or they don't think their actions will make any difference.
The Actions Pledge offers 13 ideas for actions which would make a real difference. 

* Could you encourage friends to take part in the Actions Pledge? 
* Who do you know who needs to see this website? www.actionearth.org 
* Could you download the Actions Pledge flyer in A4 or A3 format and post it on notice boards?
* Could you arrange Global Warming discussion groups & meetings?
* Are your children involved? What about their friends? see Kids Action


CONTACTING US

If you have any feedback about the website, ideas about how we can speed the spread of the Action Earth message or if you are interested in volunteering opportunities at our Angel office please email us at info@actionearth.org .














 
