
Special News Report sponsored by ACTION EARTH

10 Years to Tipping Point of Runaway Global Warming



“the point of no return may be reached in 10 years leading to droughts, agricultural failure and water shortages” 

Front Page Headline – 
The Independent, 24 January 05

Governments have failed us!

The signing of the Kyoto Protocol Agreement is an historic achievement. However because it has been delayed 12 years, watered down and passed over by key polluters, namely the US and Australia, it falls far short of the CO2 reductions needed.  

This week dozens of pressure groups and tens of thousands of people worldwide, concerned about climate change are assembling and making their voices heard. This is essential to keep up pressure on the US, who alone produce 35% of greenhouse gas emissions from developed countries.         

But with such slow progress and less than ten years left before climate change becomes irreversible, the reforms of Kyoto are woefully inadequate. 
The People are reasserting their power!

Action Earth is a call to people everywhere to take voluntary individual action ahead of Government legislation by radically cutting personal fuel consumption to sustainable levels and encouraging others to do the same. 

Each of us needs to inform ourselves of the facts, change our behaviour and inspire that change in others. 

History shows that when citizens’ awareness and behaviour start to change legislation soon follows.

We are living unsustainably.

The average person in the UK emits 10 tonnes of CO2 per year. The sustainable level of emissions is 1 tonne per person per year.

Give the climate change movement added momentum by taking the Actions Pledge, overleaf.

Visit: www.actionearth.org 
Email: info@actionearth.org                  




Climate Change Actions Pledge

I recognise the urgency of climate change and agree to take a lead role by cutting my own greenhouse emissions. I commit to the following personal actions…  (tick boxes as appropriate)  

1)STOP or drastically reduce my air travel
A return flight to Los Angeles contributes per person the greenhouse equivalent of driving a family car 12,000 miles 2)Reorganise my life so I can either live without owning a car or significantly cut my car mileage3)Write to my local Councillors, MP and the PM about my climate change concerns before the end of March.  (Elections: 5th May)4)Sign the key climate petitions on line
(Visit: www.actionearth.org )5)Support climate change demonstrations6)Replace domestic lighting with low-energy bulbs and turn the thermostat down 1 or 2 degrees7)Commit to purchasing 80% locally grown food (Reduce food-miles)8)Sponsor the purchase of threatened rainforest for £25/acre (Visit: www.rainforestconcern.org )9)Teach a child (if you’re a child, teach an adult!) about the threat of Global Warming and respond where possible to his/her ideas10)Talk to three friends who are not so aware of the threat of  climate change and encourage them to take action 11)Create a “green group” at my workplace/college/school to promote awareness and action12)Assess my Carbon Footprint (Visit: www.actionearth.org )13)Visit www.actionearth.org and inform myself of the facts and actions needed to control Global Warming, whilst linking up to a host of organisations who are making change happen.
??

??

??

??


For more information see www.actionearth.org or email us at: info@actionearth.org

